Medical Research Application in C# as Console Application.
A medical health research project has a database containing data about all diseases and their corresponding symptoms. When the patient details are entered, the system indicates the possible diseases the patient may be suffering from.

Deliverables:
- Complete source code, and configuration files
- A brief explanation of your design and assumptions.
- A text-file, indicating how the application can be compiled and executed (readme)

Evaluation Criteria
The marks for sections like “coding standards”, “exception handling” etc will depend on the number of features that have been completely implemented. There will not be any section/marks for “working application”. Example:
The problem statement has 2 features to be implemented.
The total marks for “exception handling” is 10 – for 2 features.
The participant has completely implemented only 1 feature out of 2 (50%).
Hence, the participant will be eligible to get a maximum of 5 marks only for “exception handling” (50%).

Instructions & Assumptions
- Include a brief explanation of your design and assumptions along with your code. This can be a in the form of code comments or a separate text file attached along with your source code.
- This is a single-user application, hence authentication & authorization is not in scope.
- The contents of the ZIP file containing the deliverables should be checked before it is uploaded into the FTP folder.
- The sample fields are shown in the use-cases. You can assume the presence of other fields in the database tables to support the functionality.
- Perform the required validations. Example: if the user is expected to enter a numeric value during any operation and he enters an alphabet, then the system rejects the input, prints an appropriate error message.
- The User Interface  contains the following Menu Items:
→ “Add Disease Details”
→ “Add Symptom to Disease”
→ “Check Patient”

System Features:
#Use case 1: Add Disease to the System
User selects Add Disease Details, The details of the Disease will be added to the Array. 
The inputs:
The input form contains the following fields:
Name: text value (e.g. “malaria”)
Severity: Text value (e.g. “high”, “medium”, “low”)
Cause: Enum value containing the values “external factors” and “internal disorder”
Description: Description Text with not less than 30 charecters.

#Use case 2:
 Add Sympton to the Disease:
The disease must have the Symptom as an association. A Disease can have multiple symptoms. 
Inputs:
The input form contains the following fields:
Disease Name: User should be able  to enter only the added disease to the Application.
Symptom Name: text value (e.g. “fever”)
Description: text value (e.g. “body temperature exceeds 102 C”)

#Use Case 3: 
Check Patient
Inputs:
Patient Name: text value (e.g. “Phaniraj”)
Symptom Name: Should enter all the symptoms, only those symptoms added in the use case 2 should be displayed and the user can enter any from the list displayed. User can add multiple symptoms each seperated by comma. 
After the details are set, the Possible diseases related to the symptoms should be displayed to the Application as part of the Diagnosis.



